 | Out Of This World Demo Disk
 | [DOS Version]


SOFTWARE USE LIMITATIONS AND LIMITED LICENSE

This special preview version of Out Of This World (the "Software")  is intended solely 
for your personal noncommercial home entertainment use.   You may not decompile, reverse 
engineer, or disassemble the Software, except as permitted by law.  Interplay Productions 
and Delphine Software retain all rights and title in the Software including all 
intellectual property rights embodied therein and derivatives thereof.  You are granted a 
revocable, nonassignable limited license to create derivative works of this Software 
solely for your own personal noncommercial home entertainment use and may publicly display 
such derivative works to the extent specifically authorized by Interplay in writing.  A 
copy of this authorization, if any, will be provided on Interplay's World Wide Web site, 
and may also be obtained by contacting the legal department at Interplay at (714) 553-6655.
  The Software, including, without limitation, all code, data structures, characters, 
images, sounds, text, screens, game play, derivative works and all other elements of the 
Software may not be copied (except as provided below), resold, rented, leased, distributed 
(electronically or otherwise), used on  pay-per-play, coin-op or other for-charge basis,  
or for any commercial purpose. You may make copies of the Software for your personal 
noncommercial home entertainment use and to give to friends and acquaintances on a no cost 
noncommercial basis.  This limited right to copy the Software expressly excludes any 
copying or distribution of the Software on a commercial basis, including, without 
limitation, bundling the product with any other product or service and any give away of 
the Software in connection with another product or service. Any permissions granted herein 
are provided on a temporary basis and can be withdrawn by Interplay Productions at any 
time.  All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
		

